feat: Productionise Target Allocator chart (#1767)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-helm-charts: charts/opentelemetry-target-allocator/README.md

By default this chart will deploy a Target Allocator to scan all namespaces for potential targets, finding all PodMonitor and ServiceMonitor custom resources compatible with the Prometheus Operator.

### Production-Ready Configuration

> This chart includes comprehensive production-ready options for secure and scalable deployments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example describes production hardening options to increase security and scalability:
```

```yaml
targetAllocator:
  # Pod-level security context
  podSecurityContext:
    runAsNonRoot: true
    runAsUser: 65534
    runAsGroup: 65534
    fsGroup: 65534
    seccompProfile:
      type: RuntimeDefault
  
  # Container-level security context
  securityContext:
    allowPrivilegeEscalation: false
    readOnlyRootFilesystem: true
    runAsNonRoot: true
    runAsUser: 65534
    runAsGroup: 65534
    capabilities:
      drop:
        - ALL
```

#### Resource Management

Set resource requests and limits for predictable performance:

```yaml
targetAllocator:
  resources:
    limits:
      cpu: 500m
      memory: 512Mi
    requests:
      cpu: 100m
      memory: 128Mi
```

#### Health Monitoring

Configure health probes for Kubernetes health monitoring:

```yaml
targetAllocator:
  livenessProbe:
    httpGet:
      path: /
      port: http-port
    initialDelaySeconds: 30
    periodSeconds: 30
    timeoutSeconds: 5
    failureThreshold: 3
  
  readinessProbe:
    httpGet:
      path: /
      port: http-port
    initialDelaySeconds: 5
    periodSeconds: 10
    timeoutSeconds: 5
    failureThreshold: 3
```

#### Deployment Considerations

> **Important**: Target Allocator should run as a singleton (single replica) to avoid target allocation conflicts:

Reviewer 2: this is not the case. The target allocator can run multiple replicas with the default strategy of consistent hashing. This is the way to go for an HA setup.

```yaml
targetAllocator:
  # Target Allocator must run as singleton
  replicaCount: 1
  
  # Configure pod distribution for node placement
  affinity:
    nodeAffinity:
      preferredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
        - weight: 100
          preference:
            matchExpressions:

>               - key: node-role.kubernetes.io/control-plane

Reviewer: ? are you trying to deploy this pod in the control plane? Why?

                operator: Exists
  
  # Ensure scheduling on stable nodes
  tolerations:
    - key: "node-role.kubernetes.io/control-plane"
      operator: "Exists"

>       effect: "NoSchedule"

Reviewer: Please leave control plane alone to run, do not deploy there

| `targetAllocator.affinity` | Pod affinity | `{}` |
| `targetAllocator.podAnnotations` | Pod annotations | `{}` |
| `targetAllocator.podLabels` | Pod labels | `{}` |
| `targetAllocator.priorityClassName` | Priority class name | `""` |
| `targetAllocator.topologySpreadConstraints` | Topology spread constraints | `[]` |
| `targetAllocator.config.allocation_strategy` | Target allocation strategy | `consistent-hashing` |
| `targetAllocator.config.collector_namespace` | Collector namespace | Release namespace |
| `targetAllocator.config.collector_selector` | Collector selector | `{}` |
| `targetAllocator.config.prometheus_cr.enabled` | Enable Prometheus CR discovery | `true` |
| `targetAllocator.config.prometheus_cr.scrapeInterval` | Scrape interval | `30s` |
| `targetAllocator.config.prometheus_cr.service_monitor_selector` | ServiceMonitor selector | `{}` |
| `targetAllocator.config.prometheus_cr.pod_monitor_selector` | PodMonitor selector | `{}` |
| `targetAllocator.config.filter_strategy` | Filter strategy | `relabel-config` |
| `targetAllocator.config.config.scrape_configs` | Scrape configurations | `[]` |

### Limitations and Important Notes

⚠️ **Target Allocator Constraints**:

> - **Singleton Requirement**: Target Allocator must run as a single replica (`replicaCount: 1`) to ensure consistent target allocation across collectors

Reviewer 2: same as above.
